Info
             NAME:  Minecraft Do

             FILES:
                    mcdo.pl
                    mcdo/
                    mcdo/config.yml
                    mcdo/tips.txt
                    README

            USAGE:  ./mcdo.pl <options>

     REQUIREMENTS:
            Perl Modules:
                    Getopt::Long
                    Carp
                    YAML::Any and one of these:
                            YAML
                            YAML::XS
                            YAML::Syck
                            YAML::Old
                            YAML::Tiny
                    Term::GnuScreeni
                    Data::Dumper
            Gnu Screen Installed on local system

             BUGS:  None Known

           AUTHOR:  Berry

          COMPANY:  DangerPeanut.net

          VERSION:  0.1

          CREATED:  05/01/2011 05:53:43 PM

  Description
            Minecraft Do is a script written in perl that can perform the following actions:

        Sending console messages

        Sending console commands

        Sends random tip as server message from pool of tips in a tipfile

    This is the initial release with few features. More will be added later.

Notes
            Minecraft Do was coded using Perl v5.12.3. This is not guaranteed to work in previous versions, but I do not see why it should not work in the latest version of 5.8.

            Minecraft Do is for:

                    Servers running in a *nix environment with a working installation of perl.

                    Administrators looking for an easy way to automate tasks.

                    A method to perform automated and scheduled tasks that do not rely on php, java, or an installed plugin. Minecraft Do works with what is available to your system user and perl with CPAN.

            Minecraft Do is NOT for:

                    Communicating with the server in any meaningful way. Minecraft Do only supports sending messages to the server via the console.
                    This script does not attempt to parse log files for useful information(yet). Until Minecraft officially supports an API ( such as JSON-RPC ),
                    Minecraft Do has no way to pull information from the server,  and has no way to send information to it outside of the server console.

                    Windows

  Installation
            The biggest part of installing Minecraft Do is running minecraft properly inside of a screen session. Please ensure that you have GNU Screen installed on this machine: http://www.gnu.org/software/screen/

            You will also need to install the Perl modules listed in the Requirements above. You can do this using cpan: http://cpan.org

            Minecraft needs to be started with a session name. An example of this is "screen -S NAMEHERE". This session name should be identical to the "screentitle" configuration option. It should also be different from other session names in use. Keep this in mind.

            Minecraft Do should not need to be anywhere near your minecraft installation if screen is setup. You can now move onto configuring Minecraft Do. Open config.yml under the mcdo folder. Configure the screentitle to match the session name you are using and anything else you like.

            After you are done changing the configuration file,  you can run mcdo.pl. The primary benefit of this is to schedule cronjobs for Minecraft Do. You can do this using crontab -e.

            CronTab: http://www.manpagez.com/man/5/crontab/

  Options
            -T or -tip:
                
                    Broadcasts a random tip from the configured tipfile. If there is no tipfile configured,  or the one you defined does not exist,  it will assume the default value.
                    Default tipfile is mcdo/tips.txt

            -C or -cmd:

                    Accepts a command pipted to it,  or prompts you for a command to run on the console.

                    EXAMPLE:

                            mcdo.pl -C

                            -OR-

                            echo "command" | mcdo.pl -C
        
            -S or -say:

                    Accepts a message piped to it, or prompts for the message to send from the console. Works exactly like -cmd.

            -h or -help:

                    Prints this readme document.

            -conf or -cfg:

                    Accepts an alternative YAML file for configuration options. Useful if you need to run mcdo on different minecraft instances.

    Files
            mcdo.pl

                    This is the main script file. You should not change this file if you are not a developer.
        
            mcdo/

                    This is the directory mcdo uses to store things.

            mcdo/config.yml

                    Mcdo stores all of its configuration data here by default

            mcdo/tips.txt

                    Mcdo stores tip data here by default. One tip per line. #Commens work

            README

                    This spiffy README file.

    Configuration Options
            Here is an overview of all the configuration options that are used in mcdo/config.yaml.  If you cannot tell,  this is a YAML file. Use only YAML syntax.

            mcjar:

                    Full path to your minecraft server jar
                    NOT CURRENTLY USED

            screentitle:

                    The title of your screen session running minecraft

            tipfile:

                    Full path to your tipfile.

            tipprefix:

                    The prefix to use for your tips. Will display ingame as: [server] TIPPREFIX Tip from file
                    Default: "Tip: "

